1.Bootstrap-->Bootstrap is the most popular CSS Framework for developing responsive and mobile-first websites.

2. because it is flexible and easy to work with.
   Its main advantages are that it is responsive by design
   it is very easy to use and quick to learn.

3.Bootstrap's grid system allows up to 12 columns across the row in a page.
  If you do not want to use all 12 column individually, you can group the columns together to create wider columns

4.carousel--> The carousel is a slideshow for cycling through a series of content, built with CSS 3D transforms(images) and a bit of JavaScript.

5.Typography is a feature of Bootstrap for styling and formatting the text content.
   It is used to create customized headings, inline subheadings, lists, paragraphs, aligning, adding more design-oriented font styles

6. Bootstrap breadcrumb-->Indicate the current page's location within a navigational hierarchy that automatically adds separators via CSS.

7.The Bootstrap 4 grid system has five classes:
col- (extra small devices - screen width less than 576px)
col-sm- (small devices - screen width equal to or greater than 576px)
col-md- (medium devices - screen width equal to or greater than 768px)
col-lg- (large devices - screen width equal to or greater than 992px)

8.Easy to prevent repetitions among multiple projects.

9.In Bootstrap, container is used to set the content's margins dealing with the responsive behaviors of your layout
   It contains the row elements and the row elements are the container of columns (known as grid system). 
   The container class is used to create boxed content.

10.A card is a flexible and extensible content container. 
   It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options.
   Bootstrap 3, cards replace our old panels, wells, and thumbnails.

12.A jumbotron indicates a big box for calling extra attention to some special content or information.
    A jumbotron is displayed as a grey box with rounded corners.
   It also enlarges the font sizes of the text inside it. 

13.Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. 
   This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together.
   we can add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with Bootstrap Button Plugin.
   This class is used for a basic button group.

14.To achieve responsiveness.
   when we want to customise our websites presentation according to the users screen size.
   display different markups based on the device type.
   It is a logical operation whenever a media query becomes true then the related query can apply to the css.
   syntax-->@media media-type and (media-feature){
            css rules to be applied
             }
   